Hello can I get a you can I get a you up you know the whole audience give me a
you up hello again all right it's October 22 2018 from the Diamond tap
saltwater here we are welcome to MacArthur Park once again Parment Town
is in session hell yeah it's good to be back I missed you all let's bring out
Spencer Crittenden
we got that bag what you got in that bag I don't even know I'll tell you what we
got back say Spencer we got a mayor his name is Dan Harmon
yo yeah yeah yo yo yo my raps are tight because they're slow when you rap you
have to know the next thing you're gonna say so my raps will be good today
because the beats per minute are 32 so I always know what I'm going to do I
said hip hop hippity hop always rapping I never stop the other day I went
outside I fucked your mama's pussy that's why it's wide I looked at her and I
said red okay thank you yeah it's like I'd never left just just slow it down
and you'll be a rap master you'll never screw up that was flawless thank you
for coming I'm so excited I was just I was just talking to our guest backstage
about about all the things that but between he and I like but other things
that we were like yeah I don't want to talk about that yeah I don't want to
talk it is like what about this thing oh yeah I want to talk about that it's
funny there's just personal things that were like it is not it's not juicy
stuff it wouldn't be fun for you if we talked about it was just a funny
conversation to have oh I don't want to talk about that yet also we won't talk
about that now okay I guess I guess you'd have to be there our guest is Brett
Kavanaugh I have it I get all my news now my my my I have I have one social
media outlet which is my Instagram account I get all my news from Dave
Klein when I'm doing my like tummy crunches so I know now currently what I
know is that I know that Jay-Z and Beyonce have have have cut it off with
Kanye whatever whatever supply line they had moving between their Fallout 4
settlements there's no more line there on that pit boy map have you guys used
the pit boy app on the on the iPad when you're playing Fallout 4 it's exciting
for like 10 seconds and then you realize you're like well this is okay this is
more this is like a the weirder version of hitting the B key like like you're not
it doesn't it's exciting for a second cuz you're like oh you can do all the
shit on your iPad it's I applaud that I love that I like that it's better than
that Rockstar games like you can train your dog if you tap on it and then when
you get back in the game you get like a dog turd or something I like there's
been a lot of attempts to like fuse your handheld devices with your what the
hell are you talking about no I well that's a legitimate question but not in
that tone of voice you don't have a right to be that angry that you don't
know what I'm talking about walk me into your world I don't know do you expect
me to understand no I expect nothing of you I don't expect you to show up where
the fuck have you been who are you why are you white again I'm the white I'm
the white dress the same but why I think they just better when Brandon is here
I love it I miss him already I told him to come the night and be nice like no
man yeah cuz he doesn't want to hear these passive aggressive like like hoots
and hollers they give you when you come back you know you're you're you're
cheering the bad dad how do you think that makes mom feel like she was here
for you all three weeks like make a soup I would I was on the road waking up
early in the morning and watching you bench press but that's what I fucking
did now you're a skinny Dan Harmon and where did Dan Harmon I've been eating a
lot of tacos I had a I have I don't have it anymore because I've eaten like
two pizzas and I had tacos tonight but I had it for a second I did take a
picture of it but I didn't Instagram it I have like the shadow of a half of an
ab I think yeah you won't you won't see it anymore but it was like everyone I'm
getting there can we see it when I saw you won't see it anymore but when I like
somewhere on there it's like when I if you make the images combined from each
eye there oh no hurry up hurry what are you doing is it are you writing a check
he's cross hatching all right you gave me an abs he gave me an abs I don't want
to steal your glory or anything but I was laying in bed this morning and I
looked down and one thing of my like just one sixth of my stomach look like
looked a slight bit defined under the morning light and I was like what is
happening is this an ab yeah yeah I think it's like they said as abs they
come in they don't come in one ab no it's like hair on your beard you can you
can have a quarter ab yeah I think you can have a one pack and also it makes
sense that when you're on the verge of getting a quarter ab that it's gonna be
like poking its head out like a turtle like like it'll be there and then gone
I'm sure you didn't see one when I lifted my shirt up because I don't see it
every every time right I'm slowly like it's gonna keep the frequency with which
you can see it will increase and by 2023 I'm gonna I I've revised my goals I'm
not gonna look like Chris Pratt by January that's not happening I'm
convinced that there's CG and steroids involved in that process and then I won't
I won't touch I'm not high-roading him I just think that it's it's a lie and but
my new goal is original Captain Kirk back in the day nice when you just that
kind of or like Bill Gerard Buck Rogers yeah like when you when a man
would take his shirt off if he was the lead in a show but he could just he could
just have the torso it looked like a can of soup it just looked like a cylinder
and that was considered being fit yeah the absence of anything flowing over
the belt was okay and also they would just wear these big belts like what
they're they'd take their shirt off because like the insect queen would I
demand a gladiator for my satisfaction and then the gladiator outfit would
conveniently involve a belt the size of a shirt who is that handsome specimen he
is an earth man impressive yes you guys don't know how to get down get down I'm
afraid I don't know what you mean this is the 25th century
get down Buck Rogers we've discussed this before if you watch the pilot for
Buck Rogers what watch it and indulge me in a theory I've never looked this up
I'd rather just entertain the theory if you watch it there was a show in the
80s called Buck Rogers it was there was this guy tweaky it had a penis head it
was a little little robot that had a penis helmet head thing and if you watch
the pilot it seems clear to me that the character of tweaky was not voiced by
Mel blank as he became like that's what tweaky became as Buck Rogers would go
come on give me five tweaky and tweaky would go that's right but like get down
and then but I think if you watch the pilot it's clear that this like thing
it's just supposed to walk around but then they because it's not doing anything
but then they like they watched it in post and I think the producers were like
this fucking sucks like what is this little dick robot walking around and
then they brought in the voice of the bugs bunny and he's just walking around
doing nothing but he's saying random shit that's like squeezed in between other
dialogues and they don't establish it doesn't say like oh I spent I spent the
night crossing his circuits or I spilt some micolobe on his circuit board oh
you've infected our robot with 20th century jargon there's no addressing it
at all it's just that the robot is just like going like me that's getting jiggy
with it but it's like walking through and they're like what the fuck is he do I
say that wait for real that he would say look modern stuff you think that was
like I think it was an afterthought I think I think that was a pilot and then
before they got the pilot pickup or after they got the pilot pick up before
they shot the rest of the shit they retooled the character in post by adding
like what if he was saying all the crazy 20th century shit what I that's my
theory just watch it see if you agree or look it up which I refuse to do because
who cares what you learn the truth who cares his name was is it was tweaky yeah
come on man yeah his name was tweaky I mean that that's 21st century he's
fucking he's just a meth fucking guy yeah he's actually named like one of our
fans yeah I mean he looks like our president's dick
our print because he's because it's silver what he looks like a little
mushroom he looks like toad yeah but what we looked like the president's dick
it just looks like a dick why is the president's dick no because stormy
Daniel said our president Donald Trump this dick looks like toad from Mario
Well see I don't know I'm not on Twitter I don't know these things I do I get the
Dave Kline has to pick which things is gonna distract I know that Jay-Z has
called it quits but he's not endorsing Kanye anywhere that's what I know for
this week sorry how many how many squats can you do dude squats are for
fucking squatters all right one more thing and they'll bring our guests so
social media so I so I I Instagrammed I Instagrammed my lyrics to my Nigel
Nigel had stomach surgery a couple times what oh yeah because he keeps eating
things that aren't food who knows I don't know I've had two rounds where you
know and they so I don't know a sketchy-ass veterinarian they go okay
he's gonna eat this new stuff or whatever this this special stuff it's
called royal canine I think that's how you pronounce it it doesn't matter that's
a special dog food I don't know from nothing I'm just like all I know is I
feed my little guy royal canine when I feed him I I riff the jingles you know
I'm saying I'm dishing it up and so then I I was proud of one of my riffs so I
recorded it like this is my jingle for royal canine dog food I have no master
I am my own I walk with no leash I walk alone cuz I'm a royal canine I only sit
on thrones I am a royal canine I hope the golden bowl
that's very supportive thank you so then I'm like I let it sit for three days as
I do this and I'll throw out a gram a golden gram and and I'll be like I'm
not really active in social media anymore I want to be happy I'm 45 I can't
I myself esteem requires me to just output and not input but then I'll like
go back to the crab trap and I'll open it up okay like because it's more of a
curiosity I'm like how can you turn how can you turn this bad like are the
there's gonna be Nazis saying like too bad your dogs a cuck or like your dogs
only with you because you're fucking rich and you fucking the dark web has
evidence that you fucked that dog and like like what how are they gonna ruin
this for me and I predict I said out loud to Cody I ran through every single
one it was like that dog's too hot for your girlfriend as I like like how are
they gonna get misogynist racist political like like what are they gonna
do and that what I the only one that I didn't predict of course why didn't I
predict this was just like immediately or like that's the shit that's dog food
is poison you need to feed your dog better food than that and then people
responding like what did you fucking leave him alone what the fuck what are
you an expert what dog food is but yeah I am I'm an expert you need to know that
shit's packed with the carbohydrates and you need to give him carrots and I've
never seen there's like 20 there's like there's a person in there that's like
like just started there like this is my platform this is my issue like I am
gonna talk about what Dan Harmon's dog is eating and then there's all enough
people like like like trying to knock their hat off that they're like having
like more excuses to type even more their comments get longer and longer it's
like your scum is like unbelievable I just wanted to make this observation and
I know I know the reason I want to make the observation is because I know that
I'm going to suffer for making it and that that I don't know I guess I'm
self-destructive like doesn't everybody see that's like come on
judge it judge it judge it do you think it's really a coincidence that the
people that are the most passionate about animals are they have the worst
social skills in the world like like do we really I mean can we not talk about
that I just you don't have to hate animals to observe the fact that the
people that love them so much that they get angry and spit in your face are like
I don't know what chicken laid what egg but I bet they could tell you what a
chicken shouldn't do and and do you don't you think that it's possible that
that cycle started before they do you think that they were like super chill
and tactful people that were like definitely had like supreme interfacing
and networking skills with their colleagues and their species and then
they gave all of that up when they realized how important animals were or
do you think it might be the other way around we're allowed to say that about
video games ships and bottles stamp collecting like we we we all it'll go
like but if you say that about an animal lover your house could get blown up
like it's like the implicate like and it's like by the way man come on like my
hat goes like did the requirement of being a hero has to be more than saying
I think dogs are good we have to raise the bar on that you have to beat a steam
engine while you're saying it with two hammers or something you have to like
risk something you can't just be like I love that dog yeah we all do he's bread
to be adorable like he's five thousand year process of throwing the ones that
weren't adorable on a campfire like he's a literally eugenics project of like like
it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a genetically malleable fucking like
beast that we found in the wild that reflects our human narcissism it is it
is an experiment in how up our own asses we are it if yes we love it yeah I
like here's some other things I love my keychain Pokemon curtains light a glass
of water after a hard walk around the block you're allowed to love those
things like but why are you yelling at people about it for okay let's bring out
our guest I put it I put it in the same column as you know it's like people are
hey oh I'm real if you're really proud of your gender or your race it's like yeah
okay well so let me guess you can not a lot of other cards in that uno hand like
like it's like the jig is up come on man I'm so proud to be white yeah I what
else have you done today all right our next guest our next guest our next guest
has appeared at colleges and he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a friend I want to
I also he's an old friend because I've known him for so long with like
everybody else that comes on the show it's like we're all workaholics we never
actually see each other we don't have any actual friendships outside of when
we're talking in microphones but just welcome the amazing Brett Gellman and
let's get to know
hey so I told you I said backstage this is no format and I'm a right I'm a
horrible host and you said well that I'm well I'm an equally as horrible guest
yeah so no but I'm a fan of the show so I know I know that you really listen to
this yeah I mean you know just to get my mind off myself or give myself the
illusion that I'm getting my mind off myself when I love it when we when we
moved to this venue the dynasty typewriter owned by the Genji Cohen we
were picking a you had been here already you were yeah you were in the
cupboards when we were touring the house right what's this is Brett Gilman's
in here uh-huh yeah I did a bunch of shows here when it when it first was
opening I love it here and but then it was just whoa way too demanding way too
demanding what did I miss by not seeing your show um there would always be a
theme and it would it would somewhat relate to that theme and I just basically
be an asshole for two hours and no like I showed well my mother when I was when
I was a bar mitzvah age she sent these letters out to all of these comedians
that she got like this big address book from this dude in Vegas like when you
were a kid like she was a kid yeah and I mean I always wanted to do you want to
drink by the way no I'm okay thank you thank you so much I mean I want one but
no I'm just kidding do you want me to have five of them yes I do I do I want
you to have five of them for me for me no I can't I'm alert I'm physically
allergic to it oh no I can't do it so you get all red in the Jewish I know the
Jewish organs start to shut down in breeding people in breeding not a lot
of people in the shtetl in the old country you had to compromise you lucked
out you know you know you don't you don't want you don't want a hollow leg
genetically I don't think that's like a gift right no it'll help you win a
couple contests from the ages of 30 to 40 but the rest is all credit card debt
and if there's anything I do it's win contests just mean like the old thing
you know like we were like oh he drank I drank him under the table and stuff like
that all right you get a couple of thrills you're like Jesus Christ I can't
believe how I fucking drank that dude under the table right right like you
get like three of those and then the rest is just you have like I think it
seems the the ethnicities that are that can hold their liquor the best seem to
also have these eraser moles that grow off of their body uh-huh yeah it's like
an Eastern European thing right anyway sorry what were you talking about no I
got your mom your mom I got some skin tags too though I do have some skin
tags so I'm fucked on that that count as well no but she sent letters to all
of these comedians with and she got their head shots too from this guy right
and sent them a letter you're my son's favorite comedian will you sign this
picture and put in the self-adressed envelope because your mom was like like
Jewish connections and stuff it was all about yeah she was like and will you
hire him someday right yeah well you make his pay equal to yours was your
mom in the business not at all not at all what did she do well I guess in a
way she's in the business she's an agent for photographers for advertising but I
don't think was she doing that no she was I think by the time I was bar mitzvah
showbiz adjacent she was definitely showbiz adjacent the smell of the lime
in the limelight right and she contributes to the agency that tells
showbiz what to do right the advertising agency she certainly knows as a
photographer she's like look I could point this thing at a daddy long legs or
a mountain right and I'll either be Ansel Adams or Oprah exactly I don't I don't
either way I win I don't know who's very long legs bonus oh no Oprah actually
she was a series of famous Daddy long legs in her book take a walk daddy my
journey from passion to professionalism she talks about the heartache of having
to turn your back on what you're truly good at really fulfills you for what
makes money and she was like I was never born to be a talk show host I love
taking photos of Daddy long legs yeah no in her rider whenever she's a guest
anywhere it's in a rider that there are 20 Daddy long legs in her dressing room
along with three different kinds of cameras and that's how she warms up
apparently she's one of those snobs that'll quickly remind you that those
aren't spiders yeah and sure and if you if you even go near that fucking myth
about how they're actually the most toxic insect in the world is that not
true yeah it's totally not true oh really yeah it's one of those things like the
hundredth monkey thing or the it's just like you know it's not true so you don't
look it up and then you look it up and of course it's not true what happens to
every hundredth monthly well I just want to share in case they haven't heard like
it's a fun myth the idea that Daddy long legs you guys know what Daddy long
legs are right everybody knows that they are the the the myth was is that they
they have they have their poisonous but and they actually their poison is
actually could kill you it's actually the most toxic poison per drop right
but there's stingers but they can't penetrate human skin so if they ever were
to try to kill you they would just never be like giving the the son of Sam a
wiffleball bat like a monkey though what's the monkey one what's that what's
the hundredth monkey okay the hundredth monkey thing Jeff you know that yeah
you introduce me that one that's the theory that that there was monkeys on an
island and they'd learned how to take a potato and they found out there was a
star you to do you want me to grab it grab you like grab this baby I want
you to ration and grab it seems like your pinchers aren't penetrating my
epidermis like I know the information you got could fuck about my mind I'm not
feeling the pinchers that was the Daddy long legs of information the idea that
any any community of animals that start learning one new trait that across the
world right there's no way they could have communicated it was a it was a it
was a it was a it was a the legend was that there was a anthropological or
whatever you call it when it's monkeys a moncological primatological like watch
tower like it was like in an archipelago or something they're like
monitoring this monkey population and the monkey population would eat potatoes
and then and then they they observed a monkey like dropping its potato in some
saltwater and then get fishing it out and eating it and then observed it like
being blown away by both the cleaner potato and a salted potato and then
observed it teaching a friend monkey all of this scans with what we know about
monkeys they're actually quite smart they could write Hamlet if you gave them
enough time and space and typewriters the the but then the the the hundredth
monkey principle is sort of a pop science like x-factor principle that
says that these people were watching this group of monkeys on one island and
that when the hundredth monkey learned to wash their potato that spontaneously
an unrelated research or unconnected like research tower watching the same
species but a completely unconnected island of monkeys that they spontaneously
began washing their potatoes without any causal thing so the hundredth monkey
concept is the idea of genetic Wi-Fi of like every learned but it's a myth but
it's a myth that never happened every hundredth monkey is psychic
I think it's the idea that that like evolutionary like wise like when enough
of a community learn something it becomes global because like it was like an
evolutionary thing it was going to happen anyway yeah I think the idea would
be with some of this stuff which I think it's important to stay open to because
God knows before Einstein they they believed in this shit called the ether
they had to it's what filled in all of the blank spaces when there's that many
blank spaces why does light behave this way so scientists in the modern world a
world that had gasoline watches not quite television but boy if you saw one
of these people in a time travel town like you wouldn't they wouldn't be an
alien this is like fucking 20s and people believed in this like interstellar
jelly that we couldn't see or detect called the ether that was the thing
that explained why if you turn on your flashlight in a box car that's traveling
that the that a person observing the box car will see the light that I'd move at
different whatever the fuck that whatever the whatever the whatever the
whatever the blank spaces were and all the questions that we needed to answer
about light I don't honestly I can't wrap my brain around even the questions
that they're asking so I don't blame them for inventing this thing called the
ether they're like well that's the ether they would say when you if you if you
if you're driving in a box car that it's it's filled with ether which we can't
we can't measure it doesn't weigh anything it's just like this jelly that
travels with the box car well why are people why are people driving in box
cars so like because it's because they didn't because they were trying to
illustrate that you know you know the old stand-up joke if you're traveling at
the speed of light in your car and you turn the headlights on what happens so
like that's an it starts with a legitimate question that they really had
what happens well theoretically would yeah I don't know do the headlights fall
off do you does the do you get younger just the light turn into a candle that
joke who did that joke we did it first yeah that's nine I think I feel like I
think it was Paul Rodriguez the speed of light in my barrio was anyways the you
know it seems like a Stephen Wright like I thought it was maybe Stephen Wright but
yeah anyways god damn it whatever but I'm saying like people make up fairy tales
the scientific community makes up that's why it's so annoying whenever
anybody proposes science in terms of an argument for something because I mean
no it's not always annoying actually it's quite essential these days we're
actually I mean the opposite of what I just said
yeah no I mean we should never mind I'm not even going to I do have a point
beyond that point but I I'm not gonna even make it because I need to support
science right now fully and utterly no listen to science science is right
hundred percent let's go with science try that on for size world and United
States yeah I think science is having a pretty good year right now you think so
science is having a good run they're definitely they're definitely heroes
right yeah like they're like the way Han Solo was in the end of Empire yeah
yeah yeah oh no totally definitely our favorite character walking out of the
theater yeah very sad point right oh yeah it's got frozen in carbon I mm-hmm yeah
but right before it did it said I know too I love you maybe yeah maybe maybe one
of us need to dress up like Princess Leia did we have to scam science free
right we have to stop taking the high road I do think we actually extend this
metaphor I hope when science thaws out it is as big a pussy as Han Solo was in
Jedi sorry for using pussy as a pejorative but it's a the the the because
science like is all that science needs to if we if we survive this culture war
yeah I would like to see one of the side effects be that science just in
general not scientists not each individual scientist but if like a two-way
agreement between people in science which says you know what this is a
religion in the sense that it is a connection to the unknown and therefore
you can't necessarily be science and simultaneously say I don't care I don't
know what happens I don't care what happens who gives a shit it's not my job
you know what I mean like right like it we are lost little lambs because we did
a long time ago agree to trust in science over all this other Michigas the
right we in spite of what we see every day that frustrates us we have as a
species decided to be humanist and and be like look I'm not gonna believe things
that people that threaten to burn you at the stake tell me to believe I'm gonna
believe the people looking through telescopes right and so we since we're
obviously not gonna spontaneously develop a culture that saves us that
chills us to be good people and since we no longer want to base that on whether
you go to heaven or hell like the next step is we have to become like Vulcan
you know like and and we need a science Jesus science we need a science Jesus
yeah who won't act like Jesus he'll because he'll be like I don't want to
get crucified I'm a scientist all of my data shows that will hurt and will kill
me and I all I ask is for you to think about that for a second empathy is
scientifically right like proven to solve our problems communication honesty
like so maybe connect some of these things that we currently look at as
being like moralistic and disconnect morality from this other thing that we
call religion yeah so that we can finally be like like it's like we still
connect we still connect the concept of atheism to like a morality like it's
still getting done it still gets done in your head we gotta we gotta we gotta we
gotta fix that I feel like I feel like Spencer is our science Jesus oh shit you
guys you're in trouble buddy I got a box car full of ether out back
yeah
I mean wow what a science Jesus wow and the street value of ether is really
through the roof now that it's been disproven I know you can't make more the
bad news is we were wrong about the ether the good news is we got a fucking
ton of it everybody let's get not someone has quailudes right is either
the new quailudes or it was back then quailudes are the new ether right but
also those are gone what about what about poppers you guys do poppers like
jalapeno or amelonitrate jalapeno or amelonitrate I did it once at a bar that
said that the cleaning fluid right I don't know that could be that I'll take
anything tape had tape had cleaning was the 80s like it was like the DIY I
remember it was the door the movie the doors where I first saw a popper and I
was like what is that I still don't know that's why I bring it up at comedy
show you know it's like a thing that you release in your dad had like cleaning
fluid for for videotape that's that's you can and you could buy that no that's
not amelonitrate that I know of I don't know if it's like related the way
Sudafed is related to math or whatever but but like I just always find out I
know the two things that I know the one thing that those two things have in
common why is that they but they're supposedly dilate your butthole like
amelonitrate poppers and like and huffing tape head cleaner there were
these things called tapes and these things called buttholes that we believe
needed to be dilated back in the early 80s your butt had holes it would be good
I mean what a great thing if you're constipated yeah but do you think if you
dilate your butt and you're constipated do you think the turd just falls out like
you're probably right we're not horses yeah yeah I don't know if it's like when
you're probably not what happens to horses either it looks like that that
their assholes just opening and shit drops out but no there's probably a
pushing that's coming there's definitely a pushing that's going on there's a
digestive tract and I'm sure I wouldn't be just falling out with horses and
elephants because they're just they're literally eating fiber that's all they
eat yeah they're like taking in so much fiber yeah but I did okay why what we
don't have to talk about this but I what I did actually come to think of it I
was severely constipated once because I was on the Atkins diet and I told this
story here before where I had I had a softball sized oof how do I put this
turd yeah like like like reaching like like like like crowning and yeah I was
unable to like and there's a whole story of Rob Schrab coming over and like he had
a screw sliding some drug he found in a grocery store because I texted him help
me and he brought some thing that he bought that's supposed to help make you
poop and he read they do is like a fucking 86 com joke where he read the
directions and then we had a Halloween party that night so he read the
direction said like take one tablet and you'll poop in two hours so he so he
just was like we're gonna go to the party in 15 minutes take four of these oh
no and I just believed him and he just slid pills under the door he didn't
slide directions nor would I have read them I was like I'm if you're texting
Rob Schrab for help yeah you're helpless right like you are you realize that you
have no friends and like that you your life is flashing before your eyes yeah
yeah and did you shit your pants at the party yeah I know I know I didn't I
didn't shit my pants I I made it to the bathroom and zipped my ghostbusters a
jumpsuit oh Halloween and I don't know I never followed up with the person whose
house it was to see if I cracked the porcelain because what happened is
nothing happened to the softball this drug that Schrab quadrupled it was just
like dude was just jamming gunpowder in the oh no into the breach it was just
putting it and so I just just fucking fired this fucking fucking black
beard fucking yeah like like like pirate movie a cannonball a cannonball I
don't know why I'm why am I why am I how do I put this it was a joke I already
put it that way it was a fucking ballish hard shit they're like flying out of my
ass explosively like I'm pretty sure I and I just went home like ghosts busted
right everything who you gonna call yeah plumber yeah no I mean after you do
that the rest of the night's gonna be incredibly anticlimactic yeah it's like
going to Vietnam I assume yeah I could have come back out listening to your
stories about improv right you can't get some improv for you yeah I just yes
ended fucking biology yeah that that cannonball by forcefully firing it
from your dilated asshole like altered states like I'm coming out with goat
blood on my chin we may have discussed this on the show before but when you
when you're on the cabbage soup diet ah man well you're gonna follow up one poop
thing with another but yeah of course we've discussed it of course we have it
was bad this is him referencing the way I described a shit I took it's it's you
know I don't I just I just want to register my shame I I where how did
Brett he described the shit he took on the on the cabbage soup diet as he looked
back at the ball it looks like the Kennedy autopsy all right okay all right
these are these are private communications with a friend I look no
one told me we'd be living in this world where all of this is everyone's
business I don't know about I don't know about the audience here and at home but
I completely understand what you're talking about I like to give things
weight when I describe them of course how could you not we can't be on a show
either and just say oh yeah it was diarrhea it's boring yeah and I know a
lot of people are gonna go what those photos were black and white and I'm
saying yes but they were colored with national tragedy exactly and historic
importance yeah and and and and and misconduct like like possible tampering
at the highest levels yeah very very tragic grief yeah very tragic very
tragic event it's the appropriate palette to draw from emotionally yeah the fact
that Zapruder himself film of that shit you took it makes it all right imagine
the people that listen some people listen to like all 400 episodes this
package like this is the fifth time they've talked about that cabbage soup shit
first for a second in the middle of that story when you're like and Rob was at
the grocery store and he's like yeah I'll get you something and what he brought
back in my mind was going to be ahead of lettuce quite differently let us like
lettuce fights cabbage like a mongoose in a coat oh no I mean with the with the
with the cannonball with the meatball okay sorry all right well wow people got
it I feel like people reacted to that like I think they're mad at us I think
they're mad and I I hope it's not because they're disturbed it must be just
like okay enough yeah they're exhausted enough with the they're just exhausted
yeah it's exhausting they express that sometimes through applause like where
they're like that's great and enough and that's yeah that's the average person
who watches anything yeah we do they're good they're good kids they mean well of
course oh no I didn't mean that they had no idea that no of course I'm blaming us
I'm fully blaming us I'm not blaming not blaming you and we're sorry that we handed
you a pre-ruined world finally enjoy living in a volcano with a with a cloned
pterodactyl who's had its genes merged with with a with a with a with a with a
criminal so that we could justify paying at three cents an hour then when then if
you complain about it pecking your kidney out while it's delivering packages
for Amazon you get sued enjoy hey at least at least all of that is
scientific we got cloning in there we got we love science we got money
exchanges which is in a way a science oh yeah it's definitely not from the
people that brought it's real yeah so what what what what what I of course yes the
reason the reason I am a lifetime fan is because I I think I was the number one
eagle eagle heart fan oh really yeah you must have been and that means a lot you
could hear that I said the name of the show and no one applauded yeah nobody
watched that show nobody watched a true crime I think it was a great show it was
such a masterpiece I really really enjoyed it I binge watched it I was so
impressed that was like my first steady job that I was proud of yeah to be a
part of yeah I was it was really something it was yeah it was really fun
to work on plus like working with Chris you know who was I feel like a lot of us
wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't I told I mean I was a kid I got to say to
him because he worked on community as a in a cameo so I finally got to say to him
which just felt like it's it's like so many you have heroes that you know it
doesn't matter you're gonna say to them but you just it feels like it's like the
mecca thing like you just I have to I have to say to this person I have to get
this out I have to go to this wall yeah it's not gonna affect them I need to like
like touch and say when I was 12 years old blah blah blah and you know I got to
say that to Catherine O'Hara I got to say that to Martin Short I got to say that
I needed to say to Chris Elliott thank you so much for doing action family on
Cinemax did you remember oh yeah the best it was an FDR a one-man show yeah
like you see that no I didn't I didn't see that oh that's on you you should watch
that I love that that was on Cinemax that was his other special okay yeah yeah
the action family was like that was the fight never when was I ever gonna see
anyone deconstructively saying like oh like I was still just a kid going like
well I don't know why people are laughing whenever this happens I don't
know why this film stock is being used like right like you need to see that
should deconstruct it as soon as possible like as young as possible your
well your neurology is still yeah he doesn't get enough credit or what he did
I think he's one I think he's one of the most if not the most under-appreciated
American comedian I think yeah I mean completely innovative and crazy yeah
no I told him I loved him and then he was and he was kind of a dick about it
right he's a dick no I'm kidding okay no he would torture me he would torture me
but he made me tough it was I think out of love I don't know well it was
probably self-loving it would just be like nobody likes you like nobody likes
you I'd be like people like me you had to be like a second banana you had to be
a straight man in order to hang out you know and he would just be there no and
I'd be like people like me they everybody likes me here you know yeah they
like you as a person but not as an actor you're terrible you're terrible but it's
okay we're all terrible but you're I'm the best Maria's in the middle and you're
the fucking worst Mr. UCB ooh I've got a hat let me put it on then become
someone else you would do that to me for hours all day all day I guess that's
that's my wheelhouse like I that I've learned yeah I've learned to like pull
back on because it it does just over I guess it's toxic you know it toxifies
people but the place I it comes from though is like it's truly like you're
lampooning yourself you see like that was I was always my formula in my 30s as I
was always like can you imagine if I was bullying you for this how funny that
would be yeah but like then the times kind of devolved into like of course I
can imagine you bullying before it right the president is a Nazi yeah yeah I
should shut up I think I would be taking this all a lot worse if it weren't for
Chris I think I would be taking Trump even worse not that I'm taking a well
but no but yeah no this one time I there was a scene where I don't remember why
but my my character's legs had been sawn off and I was like in this apparatus
in this table and it looked like I was just like legless sitting on this table
and it was so fucking hot we're like rented out this like warehouse and turned
it into a studio in Santa Clarita it was not a say it was it was like dead of
summer so fucking hot the AC like you might as well have not had it on and
I'm there I'm like sweating my ass off and then he's around and he's doing the
scene with me and he's like oh my god you smell like duty oh my god oh pungent
oh god disgusting you said did you shower this one you smell like duty he's
like everybody everybody let me and I'm like I don't smell like duty I don't
smell like duty he's like yes you do you smell like duty and then he was like
everybody got the whole crew to line up and smell the top crack of my ass in
order to agree with him that I smelled like duty that's that's I'm gonna say
that's too much just because I like to keep it verbal yeah no it was physical
I don't like smelling things that triggers me yeah no I got I got sniffed a
lot on the playground I never was like so simultaneously pissed off and then
laughing so hard did you smell like duty maybe I did maybe I did smell like
duty and then I went back in my trailer after I cleaned up and then there was a
pair of tidy whiteies waiting for me that he had colored in the ass with
brown marker and left for me in my trailer no no no you have to call HR on
him no no it was all out of good fun do you know do you know why the police
officer smelled bad I do because they were a big fan of Chris and they wanted
to see if it was his real duty or just a marker no wait let me tell you I want to
guess why did the police officer smell bad why did the police officer smell bad
yeah oh this is a joke I'm sorry I thought you said that I'm so sorry
why did the police officer smell bad I was off the page I'm on it now okay
everybody you've heard it let's Dan let's Dan smell bad
odor odor odor odor odor odor arrest odor no door no door odor nobody help nobody
help odor odor odor in the court no that's a judge I know I now know why
ask me why the judge smelled bad later okay why why did the judge smell he
wanted to odor in the court okay but but now back to your little rubric why why
why did the police officer smell bad why and nobody help him nobody help him is
that what a rubric is what the fuck is a rubric
what is a root is it a puzzle it's a puzzle yeah okay back to your little
rubric rubric as do you think that so Rubik's name probably wasn't Rubik he
was probably like like Rubstein or something and he changed it for show
they're never gonna buy this cube from a Jew you got to change it people are
sick of solving Jews problems I wanted to be Rubstein this this symbolizes the
the complicated mind of the Jewish person yeah kid I'm your agent I'm Jewish
too but listen just call it the puzzle business it's merciless you and you're
inviting this the mind for solutions you don't want okay oh my god that was
either that either didn't land or landed in everyone I mean I landed on me all
right the police officer smell bad because arrest arrest handcuffs arrest
odor smell it wouldn't be smell it's a sniff nose nose nose paddy wagon do you
have any guess I do you have any guesses Brett do you have any guesses no cuz
he all right shit his pants no you're it wasn't in his juriff sniff shin I know
it I know it what okay I'm gonna write it on a piece of paper his partner no no
you can do you can wait do you already know it or have you have you have you
I feel like you've told this one before and I just remembered it yes yeah no you
do it though what is it well I'm gonna ask Spencer and he's gonna give you the
punchline Spencer why oh okay you see I think we might have both got it because
because he's the popo yeah no no I mean that wouldn't have been funny I would
have been mad at you if that was it I just got excited because I was like
wait they call him popo and that's almost poopoo because special why why did
the police officer smell bad because he had a duty he you know why I like mine
I like mine because he was I like mine because he was on duty because he was on
duty that's the same Joe duty all right he had a duty to protect because he had
a duty to what why did the honorable hard-working police officer because he
was in the line of duty I mean it's all it all works it's fine it's all good if
you're in a game show and he said in the line of duty if he judges and they
would get a ding otherwise people are gonna riot duty's good duty thank you I
appreciate it yeah yeah no that's good I but I think there's this work to be done
on the popo yeah I think there's a joke we can get there yeah why do you know why
the stuntman smelled bad why are you writing a new one yeah yeah because he
had to do a stunt he or she yeah or they right had to do a stunt where they
took a gigantic shit yeah that's probably it that's probably so
scatological this is tell us why the stuntman why I'm gonna go with Brett's I
stop making it wasn't a rhetorical question they had to do a stunt where
they rolled around in a skunk yard yeah the box with that's adorable what smells
worse than a junkyard a skunk yard oh it's pretty good right I don't want
people to think these were all good memories with you was not abusing me it
was fun you know I I I mean maybe it was abuse and I just didn't register it as
that but but you know what you have to be okay with being a little mean at times
still do you know especially on our side do you know what I think we need to be a
little meaner what's purple and very dangerous what a grape with a machine gun
yeah oh see sometimes you got to be edgy right or I'm sorry if I look and
offended you but it's true a machine gun and fucking kill you yeah do you know
what my mom told me this is my favorite this is the first joke I ever told is
my favorite joke and I was a kid you don't remember telling it I don't remember
telling okay my mom could be full of shit but she she includes the
pronunciation of the punchline that I would do and my it was what's what's
gray and has four legs and a trunk a mouse going on vacation oh great I like
that it seems a little very sophisticated joke I know that you told
it I don't know it seems like I didn't I feel like I'm using a spawning spider
teeth I was just spawning gray but then we're in a gray barrel okay I feel like
that joke qualifies as child abuse it's because the child is abusing it's Joe
Bunchausen she's projecting she's projecting her need to tell jokes to you
which in the end served you yeah no it's like I'm good in that story but I
kind of don't believe it anymore than a lot of stuff why wouldn't your mom still
alive yes does she and I first I have to check a couple things before asking you
the question is she suffering from actual dementia or anything like that no
so is she is your is your mom who's not suffering from dementia but it's just
your mom's age is she starting to make shit up and redact and revise like
memories that you were pretty confident were like part of your cannon and then
like you're you're you're an adult and you're visiting and you're like yeah
it's like that time that that soup got spilled or Uncle Dave did this and my
mom will just go like the fuck are you talking about Uncle Dave was a war
hero I never spilled soup in his life you know it's like what the fuck what is
that are you gaslighting me like what are you like who is crazy my mom like I
don't know what she's doing it feels like 36 hours with James Garner maybe
like do I have the plans to D-day and I don't know it like my mom you'll look
it up yeah no my mother doesn't do that my mother likes to consistently pretend
of like seeing a whole situation you know decades in the in the in the making
of of something that was the dynamic that is not that I have to constantly
remind her that's not the way that is and each time I'm disagreed with your mom
will just say the 70s were all about potatoes is that what you is that what
you saying or no just like we were always happy go lucky oh right right you
know that type of thing my mom yeah not true not true yeah like that type of
thing yeah I definitely inherited and this is actually to my mom's credit to
the extent that I like myself but my personality is very much like I know I
have to catch myself like my mom and I love explaining everything like shit
that is none of our fucking business like there's nothing at stake for us we
just have to every you get like a napkin a manufacturer could could introduce
himself to me and say or herself you're welcome yes that's right women can be
napkin manufacturers yeah swallow it down not think about it and themselves why
are you still buying tickets to my show you're Nazis and themselves you know but
the within five seconds like a nap at the napkin manufacturer would say I go
how's business and they would say like like it's actually it's been up and
down lately and I would be like cutting the person off and going like well yeah
because I get wiping your mouth it's like kind of a zero-sum game and other
type like oh that's just like like my I got that from my mom my mom is great at
it I'm great at it it's not a great thing to be great at it's awful it's a
horrible habit yeah my mother is one of the great I'll tell you what your mom is
and I'll tell you what all moms are
moms on the line pay him a dime give him a nickel a penny or two that's 12 cents
what you're gonna do haha haha a rampant haha went to the zoo went to the
museum fuck your mama how do you see him big my do you see him big yeah wait
who's um fuck your mom up how do you see him big okay it's a it's a feature
it all was very clear to me until post I fucked your mom sure but if I just yell
out DJ Khaled randomly I'm a genius say come on rap rapping is ideal idiosyncratic
how do you see him I'm not big I'm not saying it's not good I'm just saying I'm
interested in what it means okay I'm here with the author you know I'm a
little defensive I'm a little defensive I mean I am too I am too I'm totally a
defensive person I hope I'm not speaking out of school you you've engaged in
rapping haven't you yeah I did I'm not a good freestyler look don't I yeah I did
this thing called cracked out for quite a while that was like me and John daily
that was our thing what was it what I had met familiar with it oh it was it
wasn't improv though it was like no it was it was scripted I mean it was like
very very it was problematic I would not do it again it was very very
short-sighted and near-sighted yeah we would like we would do these rapper
characters named cracked out in rapzilla and would perform pretty like
misogynist songs because our whole like justification for it was that we loved
hip-hop and we were sick of people like doing rapper care white rapper you know
like comedians doing rappers and like just playing on the like cliche tropes
like let's create two characters who really embody the flaws of like co-opting
this music and in this culture and then but it was just an excuse to act like a
couple of assholes it was so hypocritical and like shitty no we did
like and then we wear like you know like G unit shirts and do regs and shit it was
just it was not cool it was very pre 2018 everyone no yeah no I you know I
kind of want to feel like we should hear you guys both freestyle right now we
would be terrible we were not like it was not great we tried to rap as you got
you got a beat for us right rhyme as well as we could oh both of us yeah you and
me okay he didn't hear you explaining I think he did I think he just just not
care yeah well yeah it's so it was also like it's lame you know to no we were
just doing that and then that was like what we were known for we were like we
should stop this not because it was ignorant in any way yeah because it was
comedically like well you've got people you know and it was of course like white
people loved it is there anybody here in the crowd that feels like that they're
a good freestyling like they can come up and throw it down oh shit we got we got
we got one confident yes just who is that oh no and against white rappers I'm
not saying every white rapper it's definitely I felt like I was it is it
my my perception was the the person that went that very quickly went yeah was
sitting next to the date who then went no yeah I have to these people don't have
to get in a car with you I would love it is there a gal here tonight is there a
woman that can freeze down no white white what no I thought your theory was
right where she went like oh she was dissing him from the perspective of
someone who could really rap and knew the true extent of his rapping capabilities
and was casually slagging him off yeah well that's a fair assessment that may
well be the case that's the case they both have to come up here and rap you're
like my my Jiminy sobriety cricket like I can't halfway through the show I'm so
drunk that when Jeff throws me for a loop I don't even know how to articulate it
faster than you can I barely I'm just figuring out I was just fantasizing
that there would be a woman out of the crowd that wants to come up and freestyle
rap that would be great don't get me wrong yeah it'd be as good as if a guy
or anybody but I think it would be better but but all of it all of it might be bad
we don't know anyway anyways Brett Gelman what are you what are you excited
about working on right now yeah what's new eagle heart what when you're not
rapping with women what sorry when am I gonna start rapping with women yeah
maybe I should do that what when you're not rapping with women what are you
working on ah well when I'm not rapping with women which I never am thank you
for taking a break no I actually actually started rapping again but with the
more pointed you know women really huh oh no I don't have I don't it's it's a
solo you know you know but my girlfriend will but it's scripted
helping me write it what recording a mixtape or um I don't know what I think
it'll be an EP and then hopefully and there'll be comedy on that you know on
there too you know and the songs probably will be comedic and he'll send it to
like something they'll be like oh my god this is fucking great I'll pay you like
20 million dollars to fill this out and make it longer which is something that's
always happens especially in those terms you know people always want it longer
they um no I'm I'm on this in this movie room for rent that is is gonna be
coming out and yeah I'm in that and then like been shooting well I'm in this
show called camping which is premiered on HBO thank you I just shot the second
season of this great show called flea bag I don't know if you've seen that that
that that I've been hearing okay my girlfriend you like it way into that
yeah and I keep on I also haven't seen Atlanta yet so right don't be offended
when I say I've been hearing for a year and a half that it's great and you're
very busy you're very busy no not at all I'm not I'm on level 80 of my fourth
fallout for replay I am not I there's no excuse for me not watching people's
shows I just don't do it but for some fucking reason I don't know if it's
pettiness jealousy laziness what what is it why don't I watch other people's
shows maybe because you're you spend a lot of time working on a show you don't
feel like watching like shows that are coming out while yours is coming out I
think it's awesome yeah it's like because the muscle in your brain that is
dedicated to appraisal of whether something's funny maybe uh-huh is so
overactive that you don't want to like someone says you know what's amazing you
should like if you were yeah it's like like you should go to this class I'm
doing where we crunch this muscle and you're just like it's a muscle that you
like that you you you've been shooting like steroids into and you're like I'm
gonna kill a child right go to that cloud I don't know what I do is think
about this muscle I don't know how to explain it I just observe my behavior I
go right why why at this point aren't you want like I I saw an episode of
Bojack and I was like this is awesome like like clearly I can see I can see
what all the hubbub's about yeah I've been jealous of Bojack I've never wished
ill I'm like all my friends are on it I just but I still haven't like been what
binge-watched Bojack which Cody has therefore I caught a couple episodes and
right I sit I go oh that's great why did I watch all of Eagle heart why what it
was I like not threatened by it because you had to do because it was so
unsuccessful and have ownership this is fucking great nobody's watching it oh
god I love it I don't it's got quality and no audience perfect combo for me yeah
no I yeah I don't know yeah I don't always feel like watching things it can
become it's also like a lot always is just being is airing and being like oh
you got it I mean that's how so many conversations start these days the oh
you got to watch this I think it's just a I think it's an it's an it's an
expression of my workaholism which is not has nothing to do with work ethic its
relationship with what I consider work and so it's like I yeah I'm like it's
yeah my colleagues are suffering the symptom of me having an unhealthy
relationship with what I do it's not big it's not about competition or anything
as much as I just like I'm like I have some aversion I want to get away from
my own work as soon as possible and then I like somehow categorize watching new
girl with my own job which I shouldn't have anything to do with that right new
girl he said as an example because I was like I should have bonded with it like
yeah like Liz Merriweather and I like we had shows out at the same time and it
was like like shit like I was like why am I not watching your show and then like
I would see a couple episodes because my ex-wife the gathie would be watching
new girl and I'd like I'd walk through the room and oh that's new girl yeah it's
delightful I like that no it's a great show no I just yeah and then I wasn't
just like show no I know you weren't just saying it yeah I why don't I get
excited why do I'm like I'm my fifth rewatch of my ninth season of forensic
files like I'm just like like I just just like rape and murder and this is like
like give me the true crime and the fucking like I'm just like in this
crazy like right I'm a void it's avoidance it's avoidance of something
you think so I don't watch comedies like I have no desire to watch like
successful awesome like funny things I just they don't make me want to watch
them I'd rather watch this stupid shit more than I would watch people that my
friends like the shows my friends make right right and it's not out of I don't
think it's jealousy or like like like distancing myself in that it's like I
don't want to watch it well I think like maybe maybe it's and I can relate I do
watch things that my friends make but I sometimes don't feel like and there is
like an aversion I think it's just because it's all so close to you and
even though this is our job we still relate to everybody that you want to
when you watch something escape your life so this these things that are close
to you by your friends are maybe making you guess not able to escape your life
as much I guess I don't think it's something to do with engagement too
though because I don't think it's it's honestly not always like oh my friend
worked on this or this is the same genre even it's like as we do with
engagement uh-huh I think it's like like I I pay too much attention to act breaks
or genre or something like that right where's in forensic files yeah like
nonfiction and like horror like horror doesn't come anywhere near anything that
I have ever done for a living so I love horror movies and sci-fi you never want
to write a horror I mean have you ever wrote up no I've never written anything
horror my monster house someone someone right you could you could hear in their
voice halfway through it they regretted it
they went they went monster huh a great film you know what a great film but not a class not a horror like a
shot like a Stephen King like yeah like I'm trying to scare you there's an
Oogity Boogity under your foot right like like I say hold up this is Oogity
Boogity under your snuggity yeah I think we found the title to your horror movie I
think it's important I said I think this is important data like if I'm if I'm
flicking through Apple TV and if I see a thing so if I see cover art for a movie
that's like a guy and he's got a hose coming out of his head and it says in
like shitty matrix rip-off font the happening to no I ripped a bad title
that's distracting there was a happening so I made it to that doesn't help no I
was at the the con the conduction and and all aboard the dark web or is that
like you know what if I I'll barely have to read it's like like you know you know
you know in a world where water is more valuable than metal a computer's just
been brought online that's turns out to be part monkey and I'm just like I'm in
I'm in I'm in is it horror sci-fi fantasy even so it's like like and I but I know
for sure any rom-com anything that's like anything near that any apatow thing
any like I I have to I have to be in the midst of a trade-off with Cody and then
I'll always I'll always be like oh I love 27 dresses who would have known but I I
don't know what it is what's the division like I don't want to be engaged
on a maybe it's heartstrings I just I really I can't get out of my mind how
much how I've really discovered one of my main like top dreams of my life and
is that for me one one day to be sitting in a movie theater and see a preview for
Dan Harmon's there's a boogity boogity Dan what do you like give me the
elevator pitch to a boogity boogity soon my smuggity is like right what's what's
what's the pitching on your horror movie okay well let's do the let's do the
let's do the trailer for it okay the green screen comes up yeah these
pancakes are great yeah I think what do they have buttermilk in them yeah no
there's I put a little bit of buttermilk in them I put actually a little bit of
honey feels like feels like the more things you put in pancakes the more you
can't go wrong no you can't go wrong new line presents come on man load up the
car all right all right wait hold on hold on I gotta I forgot my snuggity
woogity just put it in the car with the rest of the pancake mix you sure that I
should bring this on her on her bacon trip huh the more the ingredients the
better all right all right little did these guys know by the way I fucked your
girlfriend oh and now I'm making pancakes to celebrate hey man I don't
give a shit I fucking hate everybody make me some pancakes too man yeah we
don't give a fuck about anybody in this cabin for this weekend we'll never see
consequences to any bad thing that we've ever done let's get this pancake yeah
Harry Oldman and John Favreau
sometimes John Favreau in his first double role of his career as the two
guys who love pancakes hey man I thought you said you flipped the pancake what man
I directed jungle book where the hell is the pancake you flipped man oh no I
think it's in my snuggity woogity wait you can't be it was it had foogity in it
no man I dumped the foogity before I put the snuggity woogity in the car man
Cameron Diaz
anyway excuse me oh are you doing it oh no you do camera no I don't why were you
gonna do no I was still gonna do oh one of the fabulous okay so yeah but we
should do Cameron Diaz I don't know why well I didn't go right into camera to do
him yeah exactly we should be on the road for three weeks where that's not good
I should do that no but he's right I should do that that's lazy and oh it's
not being my game doing a Jamaican accent Cameron Diaz is not in this movie
whoa that's right there's even twists and turns in the trailer but we like to
miss you Del Toro is all right if I come in nice nice to meet you nice to
meet you I couldn't help small pancakes around here I couldn't help over here as
I pose passing by your house you your lovely home here did you say you have
do you see you see you oh wait I was wrong Cameron Diaz is also in the scene
with Bernice Hill Del Toro oh this is my wife by the way hi this is this is comedy
comedy hi and we were just passing by again as I saw before I just I couldn't
help it over here if you we couldn't help over here I'm sorry dear we couldn't
help over here I'm really sorry I apologize I'm always just talking about
myself I'm such a mumbly gentleman that's what I'm supposed you know look
look no it's not me being a gentleman that's what I should do oh okay if I
don't do that I'm wrong because you have a like beast you'll side to you so if
you're rude it'll be too much yeah exactly I become a narcissist I only see
it through my male lens that's not good so I'm sorry I picked up a little Drew
Barrymore slack jaw from the set of these angels that's all right that's all
right anyway I'm also trying to Drew Barrymore
oh my god this is our daughter this is our daughter
did you an impression of me when the SNL has already did it 12 years ago that's
all right that's all right you have to open your mouth that's right all bets are
off and with the hand Harmon's there's a no goody boogity under your snow goody
woogity yeah yeah rated rated D black bird don't see this yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah I should have put that Benicio on my SNL tape I should have put that
Benicio on my SNL tape that was a great Benicio del Toro just you know you you
take a Marlon Brando and you mumble them out even more yeah I just tried to
literally follow those instructions didn't sound like you did really can I
give you some instructions for to do John Lithgow and see if my formula applies
okay why don't we have a scene with John Lithgow and Benicio well I'll be
John Lithgow I want to do a blind test make your mouth into a circle like a
lamprey okay but no puck tuck your lips under I can't talk while I'm doing it
or I'll be doing John Lithgow okay yeah and then just just say go away go away
John Lithgow that's great so should I do John Lithgow when you do Benicio or
other way around yeah I'll do John Lithgow hey John hey go away go away well
you see me well you see me what we see John John Lithgow what
Benicio del Toro I'm your friend oh you're my friend
I'll flip you I'll flip you for real John I'll flip you let's fight the agony this is new what project I'm working on
you know what neither of us neither of us can carry this no it's not it's not good
we're not gonna we need a really bad we need an A-list we need to rehearse this
we need to get a Brad Pitt involved to help us out here yeah Spencer you want
to throw some George Clooney on that and we need an A-lister to make this
story work yeah that sounds good oh you meant an A-lister character not an A-lister
person doing the impression yeah that's oh geez what did you mean you're filled
with as much shame as me that's what I thought I meant you I don't think of
myself in terms of lists right right but my god for you for you to for you to
hear that that's that amazes me because it's like that's that's a shame projection
that only I'm capable of where you you heard that as I was like yeah this guy's
not good enough at improv for us to mount this amazing goal oh I thought that
you just meant I wasn't famous enough to get away with doing a bad impression
whereas if Brad Pitt were up here and he was doing terrible Benicio impression
I don't care it's so amazing you guys are doing fantastic impressions of kind of
second banana care like character actors we needed like a like an A-lister I was
saying as the character oh my god I was turning to I was turning to Benicio
with well there we go again because I see Benicio and John is as A-listers but
well yeah but I guess they're not I think they both did and also so did the
producer that put them on set like how are they on set together and finding out
that they can't carry the movie that was my joke that they're both like this isn't
going good is it I was blaming the fictional writer and producer of the
movie but we need someone else in here they themselves are such honest artists
I think that they would be able to admit that it wasn't going well right they'd
be like either this needs to be an indie movie about going on a road trip right
or I would watch or we need to step you know add some talent it sounds like it's
Jimmy Stewart yes Jimmy yes my child let's go sounds like Jimmy Stewart but
there is similarities yes there are similarities how about this how about
this it's a story about it's the biopic of Jimmy Stewart as portrayed by John
Lefkir and then Benicio plays Benito Benicio Dottaro is strangely the star
like he's he's he's the he's the A story in the movie as who a manager as his
manager okay okay so it's set in the 30s okay great like Jimmy Stewart is a he's
just he's just James Stewart right a bus boy and this is the scene where his
manager notices him Benicio is the older but Benicio Dottaro plays the
manager and John Lefkir portrays Benicio Dottaro is playing shell shell
Supersteam shell Supersteam okay shell Supersteam agent to the stars boy boy
young adult Jimmy James Stewart's right soon to be manager right right so all
plays out so you're like you're cleaning dishes and I got Jerry's famous deli and
I caught your I caught your your vibe like Bert Reynolds did yeah yeah
follow you back it's a young John Lithgow playing a young Jimmy Stewart right yeah
yeah oh he's oh no it's old John Lithgow playing young Jimmy Stewart but that's not
film now it was I mean what are we gonna reverse age John Lithgow like what he
this is yeah it's a Hallmark theater movie and like you're following me into
the dishroom like yeah Reynolds style okay yeah yeah the dishroom and I play
I'm Benicio Dottaro as shell Supersteam I worked in it for my young adult life yeah
I'm sorry to blue collar high road you but the dishroom is pretty real place I
think every dishwasher now feels better by hearing it called dishroom well here
we go washing these dishes that I ain't a boy chick hey if you're gonna be back
here you need to have a dishwashing room no no no don't be my sugar right here
don't be don't be my sugar here stop you stop you're catching stop you're
catching I'll flip you I'll flip you for real well I know it's you I know it's you
know I'm saying a restaurant gosh nobody's ever noticed me well that's part
of my job kid to notice people that aren't noticed and then I notice them and
everybody else notices them too that's what that's how I make stars kid well it
must be nice I sure like to get paid to notice people how would you like how would
you like it how would you like it if I made that if I made that sweet little
tuchas of yours the most famous tuchas in the in the whole world huh one of the
most famous tuchas is ever to shake itself across the silver screen kid how
would you like that boy chick gosh you might as well ask me if I want my tuchas
to make ice cream of course I'd love it I mean I'm gonna well I'm gonna refuse
the call now but then I'm gonna have an argument with my mother in a second in
the next beat no I talked to your mother for now on well I'm only saying no now
for the sake of story oh I'm not doing bad improv later later at the later at
the refusal of the call to adventure hey mom mom I had the craziest encounter
last night oh no you didn't you little poop mom this guy came in the
dish room see I'm gonna be a star no son of mine is going to be a star put me
on the phone put me on the phone let me talk to your mother who the fuck is
this guy why did you let him into my home to be on the phone with you mom he's
shalom hello shalom hello I'm I'm the threshold guardian and I don't want my
son to be famous no no no no no no no let me correct you you were his guardian
yeah his ex-guardian his ex-mother I am now his guardian I am now his mother he's
that tuchess that sweet little tuchess just pretend it's dead just pretend your
son is dead because he's as good as dead to you later at the crossing of the
threshold whoa I can't believe this party mr. dumps Supersteen yeah what you
call me I almost called you beneath you oh it's Supersteen oh no no no no no I'm
a Jew I'm not Vinicio oh gosh I've never even heard that name in my life oh I
know I might as well say my name is Zarbatt right it's something like that
now I don't mean to imply no no no it's fine it's fine I'm not a fit it's a
beautiful name I love your house actually one of the best names I've ever
heard oh super Vinicio oh god if I could rename myself I'm renaming myself
Vinicio Vinicio what would be my last name not Supersteen that's for damn
sure be Vinicio Dell look at all these people around the pool oh sorry no it's
fine it's fine oh no you know all these people around the pool you know who they
here for I'll put you know introduce me to you all right well it's like a who's who
of 19 golden age Hollywood all right this is David Ocells Nick oh hello mr.
Sells Nick David say hello to the new star hi who oh my god look at this guy
right what I tell you what I tell you David are you not starting what's your
name Jimmy James which we call you gosh my mom calls me James no no no no no you
don't mention her hey hey don't mention her hey kid oh hey kid he said that's
stepping into the hot tub with a young Jimmy Stewart from now on I'm your
mother I'm I'm David self Nick I'm with I'm your mom from now on I'm gonna make
you something as everybody my mother I'm gonna because that's what Hollywood is
it's the meaning with the goddess scene here's the thing here's the thing notice
how I didn't disagree with him right that's right David Ocells Nick tells you
that you he's your mother very he's your mother oh anybody at this party tells
you that they're your mother they're your mother all right all right basically
everyone who you're gonna know from now on is your mother
boom boom boom boom boom 70s needle drop I can't pay for the rights to oh so I
can't remember it some Santana song
oh boy I just say who's this over here another classic silver screen legend in
the 70s we're in the 70s no no I was just boogie knight right well we're
melding the period it's a mess yeah no I gotta know it's good it's good you can
do that they did I thought glorious bastards yeah exactly you just it's
about popcorn it's not about yeah if you want to get a documentary get one but
really what if my name really was Benny CEO anyway all right well is that over
there who's that oh are you are you are you talking to me this is Francis
Capra Francis it's Frank Francis Capra I'm Frank Capra oh Capra I thought you
said Cochran I got very I got very confused you know this is this is Frank
Capra the one and only oh boy you're gonna do I know you guys are gonna do a
lot of wonderful things together a lot of wonderful very light only if he
fucking sucks it I'm Frank Capra you got to suck it still boy you got you got
to slap it right now I could I could never we're gonna make you can't take it
with you and then go to Washington only if you really just lay it down there
I'm gonna stand on the edge of the pool and jump in I don't want to commit
fill a show career I don't want to have any kind of career at all you have the
opportunity to do a very very very progressive thing here in this hey this
shouldn't be a moment of shame I think you're wrong Superstein yeah why don't
you fucking cool it that was my Frank Capra test I don't want somebody that
wants to suck it to get a job I want somebody who has the integrity to work
in this town for the right reasons this is what I was saying to you Frank I'm
always in on this bit and you always think that I'm interrogating you you
always forget what I I was in on I was doing the thing there Frank no no no what
are you I pull Superstar side ago no we're doing I'm doing that I'm doing
the good cop thing I know this is the joke oh okay okay I'm sorry like he's
not he's not gonna buy this right right I'm wrong I'm so sorry it's 1932 why is
he singing night merging periods here we're merging periods what you think I
would you ever watch the Goldbergs how many fucking years are we spending here
what is this is premiering or is Madonna doing Lucky Star there's a central
there's a central theme to many many things that the screen that you know
one showbiz always showbiz it's all one big wonderful soup or taking to use in
any way we like it's a wonderful life right oh look over there it's it's it's
Betty Hutton oh wow Betty Hutton here wow I'm gonna be remembering her for a
long time yeah I didn't think anyone could do an impression ever I just thought
you would all be interested to know that Betty Hutton was standing over there on
the other side oh you don't want to talk to Betty Huton we're not gonna talk to
Betty Huton you don't want to be Betty Huton you got a brand new key oh Betty
Hutton's on roller skates this is because it's buggy night right were they
invented yet 30 what was the role yeah but they didn't have keys they won't have
keys until the 70s okay remember that day when keys they invented the roller
skate key the fuck yeah the fuck is that lady talking about I don't know Frank
Frank Capra Frank Capra pulls Superstar in the side yeah Superstar right I'm
gonna fuck Jimmy Stewart tonight or what I thought I thought you don't want you
thought you wanted to keep his no I don't I don't want to get a job look you
got you don't get the whole like where I play bad cop even when it's just you and
me oh it's a weird fetish where he only wants his dick sucked by guys who pass
the don't suck my dick test it's like it's like it's like beyond like a gay
guy that's only attracted to straight guys like all the way into like yeah I'm
Frank fucking Capro look you know what yes Superstar I quit huh I quit you quit
what I quit this business you put in this business so you give up sick of all
these head games you get you give up that easy give up that easy it's been
decades of was head games upon on second my deck huh huh I just you know this this
whole method acting thing that you're doing with me at a party I'm just trying
to make motion pictures no you're not you know you're not you're trying to
alienate people including yourself and I think it's very sad I'm trying to create
an America that is a myth mythological America that never really existed I want
to bring people together
Superstar yeah I'm gonna suck your dick right now that takes a lot of good
Jimmy Stewart why I mean they want to suck your dick why does it wait why does
it take a lot of guts well if you're straight it I guess it's not really
doesn't take God well no it's a decision six it's it's frowned upon the FBI can
arrest you for it still oh okay what period are we in again it's the it's the
gay gay scare period you know what Frank Capra only and the only one on this
picture who's playing games with my character's head you know who else's
mother time no not father time mother time that's right I said it time time
time see what's become of me it's 1930 it's 1930 I look around for my
possibilities anyway have you guys have you heard about this guy
Adolf Hitler been making this big ruckus in Germany lately I say let it
sort itself out I don't like it when people get political I say make your
movies make your make season four of it's a wonderful life I talk about
politics who cares yeah you're right you're right God you're a star you really
are put a dick in my mouth keep talking talk all you want but put something in
my mouth make it a dick hey Superstein can I pull you aside for a second yeah
sure yeah I'm having second thoughts about this Jimmy Stewart guy he's why he
seems a little soft on Hitler
I'm in the background
all right let me tell you something here Jimmy okay let me tell you something
okay and I know I don't like politics as much as the next guy but this Hitler
guy he's bad news are you are you telling me what you're saying hello yeah no I
ran over here to talk to you while you were screaming I sprinted oh I was a
gold metal sprinter when I was in a high school anyway I I'm telling you right
now this Hitler is a bad guy no amount of pleasure that you receive is going to
make you escape from that the inevitable tragedy that this guy is going to
wreak on the world at large Jesus want to entertain the nice people I don't want
to think about no genocide everyone welcome to the party mr. Adolf Hitler
but you don't know you know what apparently it's from England
you know it was very influenced by the British Empire I understand I understand
There's a party going on.
Oh, God.
Hitler.
There's a burgeoning Hollywood film actress in here.
Oh, God, Hitler.
What are you?
I just came to have a good time.
Wait, just a bit of catch up.
Who is who in this room?
I am the new chancellor of Germany, Adolf Hitler.
Oh, hello.
Who are you?
I'm Johnny.
I thought you were James Stewart, no?
No, I'm not the Nazi-friendly actor Jim Stewart.
That's a different person.
I thought you were, you know who I thought you were?
I thought you were Errol Flynn, right?
Wasn't he a spy?
I thought we were changing scenes with what we did.
Oh, a different party scene with Adolf Hitler
and famous chairman Johnny.
I'm at the party now.
I came to the party.
Oh, Hitler came to the party.
Hitler came to the party.
OK, OK, sorry.
I thought we were cutting the fucking Hitler's house.
There can be no changing of characters now.
All right, sorry.
Everyone is who they were.
Wow, you thought we were cutting the Hitler's house, huh?
Yeah.
It's like, in fact, I'm a professional screenwriter.
I'm like, this scene is 18 pages.
Right, no, it makes sense.
Where's the monster?
Where's the house?
You know, I'm like.
So in this?
In this, so Hitler gets announced
by a German gibberish version of the British national anthem
whenever he enters his house.
I'm doing, doing, doing, going.
Yeah.
That's his doorbell, and he rings it whenever he opens.
It is totally act three.
We are now in Germany, and Jim Stewart is now very famous.
Oh, gosh, I'm so glad to be Nazi famous.
I'm an enormous fan of your film work.
Oh, gosh, I'm very, I'm very upset that.
Oh, Shell, you should have said something at some point.
You should have given me some career advice.
For God's sake, tell me the name of your agent again.
What is his name?
Shell Rubin.
Shell Rubin?
Rubin, Shell.
Benicio del Toro, all right?
No, no, Gerber's Rubik.
Gerber's Rubik.
Nice to meet you.
Can I?
That's chairman name of the world, Rubik.
The human puzzle.
I'm Gerber's Rubik.
Nice to meet you.
Very nice to meet you.
You know why they call him Rubik?
He's against mixing colors.
He thinks everything should be all the same.
All six sides of your DNA.
Oh, God.
She's a Nazi.
I find that.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, OK.
I pull Superstine, Rubik aside, and say,
your friend seems a bit racist.
He's kind of got to hang up about the mixing of colors.
I find that personally distasteful.
You're not?
You're not racist?
Huh?
No, I'm not a racist.
I'm just a, I'm just a, you know, I just want,
you know, I'm a pragmatist.
Pfft.
A pragmatist.
No, I'm fucking with you.
I'm totally racist.
Oh.
Right, right, right.
I almost went for that bait and told him I'm really a Jew.
No, we like to have fun here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's a berg off.
We like to have a good time.
Oh, that's good.
Wow, look at all these columns.
Yeah, nice, nice, nice columns.
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Ah, I mean, what, what, what?
You want things to look like classic architecture.
No, you sound, you sound like you're being ironic about that.
Wow, look, I'd be lying if I said I wanted to, you know,
thought I'd end up, this is my job.
I don't know.
I'm a big friend of neo-classical architecture.
What is it, what is the problem?
Yeah, I like washing dishes, but look how we end up.
Oh, I gotta tell you, Mr. Hitler.
Can I, can I ask a question, Mr. Stewart?
Can I ask a question?
Oh, go shoot away.
When you were in the death of Liberty Valence.
Oh, who could forget that?
Right.
Oh, what a great picture, wonderful picture.
We can all agree on something, right?
What was it like working with?
When you were in the death of Liberty Valence,
what was it like working with the great John Wayne?
I've always wanted to know.
Oh gosh, you know, John is,
he's a real trooper.
And, you know, he liked to play practical jokes on the cast.
And I'll be gosh darned if he didn't,
he would always tell you, when you get the trailers,
they have toilets in them, but they tell you not to use them.
You know, there's no, there's no water in them.
It's a dry toilet.
For God's sake, it's just the trailer, the toilet's there,
in case it is hooked up to a sump pump.
I tried to, I tried to get him a bucket of water,
but they, they wouldn't budge.
John, John, Mr. John, he took a shit in my trailer,
and just stuck to the dry plastic.
And, you know, I had been forewarned.
Don't do that.
You're telling me the great John Wayne took a shit
in your honey wagon shit?
Yeah, that's why they call him the Duke.
Dumb, stupid, stupid.
Because he took a dookie and you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you guys, I don't know.
But as a practical joke, he took a shit in my dry toilet.
Jimmy, can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah, yeah, so hold on a second.
I got to talk to my agent.
Excuse us.
So we got to get the fuck out.
What the fuck are we doing?
This is Goddamn Nazi Germany.
What the fuck's going on?
Well, you said you wanted to try out your new comedy routine
on a rough crowd.
The fuck actually, no, I didn't mean that.
Well, as I was drunk, the most evil person who ever lived.
You're going to get me the hell out of here.
OK, all right, I'll think of something.
Oh, gee whiz.
Hey, huh?
Swastikas everywhere.
Even the cake is shaped like a...
Just, hey, be an actor.
I don't even know where to cut it.
I see you are enjoying my swastikas.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, we love them.
We love them.
They're wonderful.
Even to eat them is to be complicit in the deliciousness
of fascism.
Yeah, yeah.
But they're very, very...
Actually, that symbol is used in some Native American iconography.
Oh, very good, very good.
Anyway, no.
So we are not so very different to me and you, Jimmy Stewart.
No, no, no.
Again, we can all agree on something.
Anyway, Chancellor.
Mr. Rubick, I have just got some information
from my security team from the SD.
I've gone through your 23andMe.
It turns out that your name is actually Superstite.
Totally cool, totally cool.
He's referring to 1923andMe, which is unreliable.
It's conducted through a can with a string.
You can deny it.
Look, Mr. Hitler, that report, it's not true.
It's not true.
I had a whole thing with those people.
I was going to make the biopic on the genesis of 1923andMe,
but it all fell through and they blamed me for it.
And so they've been trying to spread around that I'm a Jew,
but I'm not a Jew.
My name is not Superstite.
They made all of that up.
My name is Gribbles Rubick, and I don't like anything
that's not white, white, white.
White and more white, OK?
All white is all right.
That's what I'm always saying.
Anyway.
We should get going.
Yeah, we got to go.
We got an Uber.
We bought an Uber.
Yeah, we bought an Uber.
Was that your idea?
Uber.
Which was there were every person
who was named Uber in Germany at this time.
They drove taxis.
We've got an Uber good time here.
It's a special kind of taxi.
Personally, I don't like the Ubers.
I prefer the Lyftwaffe.
Jesus.
We're just into a weird variety show sketch.
We're making an America fall in love with Hitler.
He's just a goofy character.
23 of me and Uber and Lyft.
It's like the Benny Hill show.
All right, well, we're going to get out of here.
It's important that we get out of here.
We got to do back in America.
It's how everybody proud boys meeting.
We're very proud of us that we met you.
Proud of everything.
Proud to meet you.
You're going to hang out with the proud boys?
Oh, we love everything.
You know what we call them here in Germany?
Regular boys.
We call them Deutschbags.
Hitler, you've got to stop franchising you.
I'm trying to have a good time.
We're on the risk of making you magwai from the gremlins.
We're not into gizmo.
We don't want people to start to wear
harbored-down t-shirts that have Hitler on them,
smiling, and he's got to catch phrases that are fun to repeat.
It may be how this started in real Germany.
It probably started making fun of his hair and his mustache.
I didn't even invite you.
You guys just came to my home.
I thought, jeez, we got to get out of here.
Let's get out.
You couldn't have left any time we wanted.
We're taking the first zeppelin out of here.
We don't want to be rude.
We wanted to show you your due respect and whatnot.
Come on.
I booked us on the Hindenburg.
Let's get out of here.
Oh, yeah, let's go.
Hindenburg.
That's too soon.
Oh, I got your first class tickets.
Here you go.
Oh, thank you.
You don't have to buy me these tickets.
It's very nice of you.
You've been a great agent.
I'm tired of this 10% nonsense.
I owe you my life.
I was with washing dishes.
Now, granted, we took a bit of a detour.
I don't want to end up in Nazi Germany.
Of course, and I really don't.
But even here, aboard the Hindenburg, at least
I'm not washing dishes.
Sure, as we go down in flames, yeah, we somehow survive.
Hey, come on, let's get this cock-sucking blimp moving.
I don't care what it's filled with.
Fill it with something lighter than air.
I don't care what.
Just fill it with the first inert gas.
Well, then fill it with a non-inert gas.
Just fill it with a gas.
The first one you find on the periodic table.
Oh, for God's sakes, these fucking crouts.
Hey, you have a cigarette?
Yeah, sure, here you go.
Listen, you crouts, if you don't get this cock-sucking blimp
moving, what?
Stop it.
I'm sick of these Nazi pieces of shit.
Fill your blimp with a gas.
The first one you find on the periodic table.
I don't care how many electrons it needs.
Jimmy, you're phrasing cock-sucking is negative.
That's the first mistake there.
Superstine, how do you think I got where I am?
Suck and cock.
I'll tell you this.
Even more the reason you shouldn't use it in a negative way.
It's a positive thing.
It'll help you get to where your career is today.
You show me a society where you can admit suck and cock,
and I'll be all out in the open.
Until then, I've got to say, all aboard.
This is Mr. Gefford.
I am a famous radio historian.
I am here at the Lodger for the Hindenburg, and I'm watching.
Jimmy, wake up.
Wake up, Jimmy.
Wake up.
Jimmy.
Oh, God.
Michelle, I had a horrible dream.
I dreamt I wasn't a star at all.
I was a Nazi.
You were there, and the Hindenburg was there.
I'm sorry I didn't wake you sooner.
It's just you had a massive hard-on.
So I thought if we were having a pleasurable dream,
I didn't think it was a nightmare.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Yeah, so it was bad.
It was bad, the dream.
Yeah, I mean.
But I was there.
Yeah, you were there.
I was there in your dream.
You were there.
I'm that important to you.
Also, I was there.
Oh.
Well, why do you think I'd invite you on this camping trip?
Why do you think we're all the same tent together?
Of course, you're all important to me.
Michelle, Adolf.
Right.
Let's get on this fucking cart on.
It's Goebbels.
Oh, you're Goebbels.
Oh, sorry, sorry, yeah.
It's kind of damn it.
I'm going to go get us some firewood.
All right, well, Adolf, look.
You know, he's going to get us firewood.
I got to live with you here.
I hope there's not going to be any alcohol in this party,
as I'm tea totaled.
I don't drink.
No, there won't be.
There won't be.
Just don't drink anything, though.
Did you know why I don't drink alcohol?
Why?
Because I am an angry drunk.
You're an angry drunk?
And when you're sober, you're not angry.
No anger, Wayne.
These days, or any day recently,
I'm feeling quite relaxed.
Is that Jimmy Stewart chopping wood over there?
Yeah, no.
He just said he went over to chop wood.
I got three logs.
I chopped out a tree and cut it into three logs.
I used space work.
But you'd have to subscribe to the podcast to know that.
Anyway.
There it is, a backpack with three logs in it.
Does that show you get a Susanite?
Say what?
I said, that should get us Susanite.
Oh, nice.
Susanite?
Who's Susanite?
What?
Should I represent her?
Susanite.
I said, that should get us through the night.
Oh, through the night.
I thought you said that should get us Susanite.
On my heads in the biz, I'm always thinking of deals.
I thought for a second that maybe you guys
were talking about some movie collaboration together.
Well, I'm going to take one of these logs
and rub it on the other two and make some fire.
Right, a real man, a real American here.
Or I'm sure you can do it too.
Boy, this is harder than they make it look in the pictures.
Oh, you've never done it before?
No, I'm not doing it now.
It's not working.
I have to say, this is very good space work
you're doing, officer.
Oh, thanks, Hitler.
Why am I here?
Hey, no, we need you here, Superstine.
Rubik.
Look, we all know who you are.
Fine, fine, fine.
If you're all right with it, I'm all right with it.
Do you want to know my real name?
What's your real name?
Hitler.
So we can all be friends here in this tent.
We can all camp together.
We can all have a good time.
It's just an agent from Hollywood
and a famous to-be actor and the potential dictator
of Nazi Europe.
We can all just have a good time.
Oh, this is why you're still chancellor.
This is why you're still chancellor.
Oh, gosh, oh, gosh.
Uh-oh.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no, it's here.
Oh, the fire.
What is happening?
The fire's too big.
Oh, my God.
How do we put the fire out?
Lighter fluid inside the tent.
Oh, God, I hate to do this, but here, throw these books.
Don't get any ideas.
Throw all the books out the fire.
Books will put out the fire.
Why would you throw books on the fire
to put a fire out?
Because they're really boring books.
And I thought it would lure the fire to sleep.
Oh, God.
I think you.
Shell, wake up.
Shell.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wait, what were you going to plug?
Oh.
Brett came to plug something.
Yes.
Seabroom for rent and check out camping, everyone.
Rick Yellman, everyone.
Thank you, guys.
Spencer Crittenden.
And let's give it up for Zach on Sound and Nolan
and Church and Kris Boruff.
I have everybody here helping us out.
And the lovely Dynasty type writer.
I'm your comptroller, Jeff Davis.
And your mayor, Dan Harmon, everyone.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.